Add new recipe for enabling-order-form-optimization (#524)
vtex-apps/io-documentation: docs/en/Recipes/store-management/enabling-order-form-optimization.md

Along with the efforts in course to bring VTEX Checkout into IO, a **new** `OrderFormProvider` was created and the `OrderFormProvider` from `vtex.store-resources` is now **legacy**. This new `OrderFormProvider` is already used by `minicart.v2`, our new and flexible Minicart, `add-to-cart-button`, our new Buy Button which is not included in `vtex.store-components`, the new `checkout-cart` and all future native blocks and components that will be developed.

> To make sure we keep backwards-compatibility in Store Framework, while adding this new provider into the core framework, we kept **both** the legacy and the new one, so now every store by default will be using **two** `OrderFormProvider`s. Unfortunately, this does not come with a performance cost, since this means every store is now fetching **two** `orderForm`s in every render. To avoid this unnecessary overhead for stores that don't need both providers, there is a `Enable Order Form optimization` setting available in the Site Editor that disables the legacy `OrderFormProvider`, using just the new one. Enabling this should result in a smoother navigation experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure we keep backward-compatibility in Store Framework while adding this new provider into the core framework, we kept **both** the legacy and the new one, so now every store by default will be using **two** `OrderFormProvider`s. Unfortunately, this does not come without a performance cost, since this means every store is now fetching **two** `orderForm`s in every render. To avoid this unnecessary overhead for stores that don't need both providers, there is a `Enable Order Form optimization` setting available in the Site Editor that disables the legacy `OrderFormProvider`, using just the new one. Enabling this should result in a smoother navigation experience.
```

> To make sure we keep backwards-compatibility in Store Framework, while adding this new provider into the core framework, we kept **both** the legacy and the new one, so now every store by default will be using **two** `OrderFormProvider`s. Unfortunately, this does not come with a performance cost, since this means every store is now fetching **two** `orderForm`s in every render. To avoid this unnecessary overhead for stores that don't need both providers, there is a `Enable Order Form optimization` setting available in the Site Editor that disables the legacy `OrderFormProvider`, using just the new one. Enabling this should result in a smoother navigation experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every VTEX store uses the `orderForm` object to **record and fetch data from a user's order**, including each item added to the cart. 

In order to give store page blocks access to information stored on any VTEX `orderForm` and thereby be able to render it,  Store Framework always worked with an `OrderFormProvider` in each store page that, behind the scenes, exports user data to every Store Framework block.

Through our constant effort of building the store Checkout using the VTEX IO Store Framework, a **new** `OrderFormProvider` was created, making the former a **legacy**. 

The new `OrderFormProvider` v2 is already used by `minicart.v2`, the `add-to-cart-button`, the `checkout-cart` and it will be used by any native block that will be developed in Store Framework from now on. However, important native blocks that are older, such as the `minicart` and `buy-button`, still consume `orderForm` data that was exported by the legacy `OrderFormProvider`.

To make sure ** backward-compatibility** is reinforced in Store Framework,  **both** `OrderFormProvider`s, the legacy and the new one, remain on store pages, exporting `OrderForm` data to their respective blocks. 

This comes with a performance cost since it means every store is now fetching **two** different `orderForm`s to use in each of the `OrderFormProvider`s working behind the scenes. 

To avoid this unnecessary overhead, it is possible to disable the legacy `OrderFormProvider` and allow your store to only use the newer one. Enabling this should result in a smoother navigation experience for your users. 

```

:warning: Use this setting with caution, since it may cause problems in your store if any of its components still need the legacy `orderFormProvider` to function. If your store already uses `minicart.v2` and `add-to-cart-button`, and there are no custom components that depend on the legacy provider, there should be no issues.

> Find out how to enable this setting in the steps below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">  
This setting must be enabled with <b>caution,</b> since it may cause harm to your store if any of its blocks still need the legacy <code>orderFormProvider</code> to properly function. In case your store already uses the <code>minicart.v2</code> and the <code>add-to-cart-button</code> blocks, and there are no custom blocks that depend on the legacy provider, there should be no issues regarding the optimization.
</div>

Find out how to enable the Order Form optimization in the steps below.

```
